# E02a-Operators
An exercise exploring python operators and data types

This exercise contains a long list of prompts which require the use of symbols to perform operations. For each set of lines, I have added the second toReturn line, which should perform the operation needed. It begins with simple operations, such as addition. In the first prompt, the program designer has already added the + symbol to add a1 and a2, which are predetermined variables, together. The second prompt follows the same general structure, but I added the - symbol to subtract variable a2 from a1. For the third prompt, I had to add * to multiply a1 by a2 The fourth prompt uses the / symbol to divide a1 by a2. the next set asks for floor division, for which I added // to divide a1 and a2. I then divided with a remainder using the % function. Next, the prompt asked for exponent multiplication, which required ** to perform. The next prompt required a slightly different structure. I used parenthesis in the equation to indicate to the program that the addition needed to be performed first. The next item uses the type() function, which returns the datatype that predetermined variables agree with. Then, i used int() on the next set, which converted predetermined variables into integers and then printed 5 and 1 in the terminal. For the following set i used float(), which converted the given variables into float data pieces. The next set uses str(), which converted the given variable into strings and printed a short message in the terminal. The next set concantenates the string messages by using the + symbol and assigning string 1 to variable s1 and string 2 to variable s2. The next set uses str() to print only the item at the position "a" in the string. The next set returns only a portion of the string, from position a1 to position a2, by using a : symbol to "slice" the string. Next, I reversed the order of the characters in the string by using the slice function again. Here, I used two : symbols and a -1 to indicate to the program that I want the phrase reversed. A assigned this function to "s", which is placed before the brackets to represent "string." For IsIn, I used a bool() function that will print "true" or "false" if e can be found in list l. using "e in l" in the parenthesis searches for e in l. For the random element set, I used the command random.choice() in the str() function, then gave random.choice the object l from which to select a random element. The next set also uses the str() function, then random.randint inside the parenthesis to select a random number from the assigned range (1000,9999). To reverse the list given, I used the same basic function as I did to reverse the string earlier. I typed l, the given variable for the list, followed by brackets and ::-1 to reverse the listed items. Next, I shuffled the list by using the function shuffle.list() and assigned list l as the object, then I indicated that the program should return l, the shuffled list. Finally, in the last set, I used list() and then assigned range(a), which printed everything from 0 to the assigned variable of a. The following lines indicate what will actually print from all of these given variables if the instructions are correctly written. 